so I recently did a review of the ego-c
twist and it's a great battery in my
opinion it's reliable and very
affordable but today I'm going to review
the much smaller and more tiny mini ego
battery and I'm gonna see how it kind of
stacks up against the ego-c twist so I
stumbled across the mini ego a while
back and I thought it would just be cool
to add to my collection because it's so
small and discreet and portable and for
only 12 bucks why not and it really is
quite tiny if I compare it to the size
of even the smallest ego-c twist you can
see just how much of a size difference
there really is if I compare it to one
of the larger ones you can see that
there is a massive difference if that is
so small that when I attach it to a
clearomizer I could even stealth fight
this really easily what was that I
didn't see anything
furthermore its small enough to fit into
any pocket or tiny compartment and one
really cool idea I thought was how they
attached this little bit at the end so
that you can attach this to any keyring
or whatever so you could just have it
there as a backup just in case one day
your main battery runs out too
however when I compare them to the ego-c
twist I can see two big disadvantages
the first is that this thing doesn't
have variable voltage so with the ego-c
twist you can turn this little bit at
the end I don't know if you can see that
but you can turn this knob so that you
can make your hits as strong or as weak
as you like allowing you to find your
perfect sweet spot with this though you
can't do that it's permanently set at
3.7 volts which for some people might be
a little weak or too strong
the second downside of course is that
with such a small battery comes a
smaller battery life so this is a 400
mAh battery which means they
you'll get roughly about four hours
depending on how hard you've a if we
compare this to the ego-c twist then
even the smallest one we're going to get
about six to seven and the largest one
we're going to get about thirteen so
this one is definitely not going to last
you all day or anything like that I
think this is probably a great device
for just when you need to quickly pop
out to the shops or just go somewhere
and you want something super discreet
just in case you want to get a nicotine
fix on the way there so even though I
wouldn't use this as my staple babe
I still like having this and I have
found a few occasions where I just want
something light and portable that I can
quickly stash in my pocket it definitely
does have its uses and for twelve bucks
I mean why not have one so if you're
looking for something tiny and portable
maybe to just stick on your keychain as
a backup babe then I definitely
recommend checking these out if you're
looking for something with a longer
battery life and more power though this
isn't what you're after still pretty
cool though and if you want to pick
yourself up one then you can click here
to head to my blog post about this
device where I've got links to the
cheapest places to pick one of these up
online and of course if you want more
vaping reviews and guides and all that
cool stuff don't forget to subscribe by
clicking here so that you never miss out
on a future video until next time i'm
jay from jay voxcom and peace out